ElasticSearch support regex was added (#21264)
demisto/content: Packs/Elasticsearch/ReleaseNotes/1_3_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Elasticsearch v2

> - Added support for regex in ***get-mapping-fields*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for wildcard indices in ***get-mapping-fields*** command.
```
